Hi everybody and welcome back.
So the last lecture we looked at slicing a list.
So in this lecture we're going to look at looping through that slice.
So we make things even easier and more automated for you.
So we kick off as always just with some comments.
And as you can see the name of this program is looping through a slice and we'll continue now with another
comment that will be looping through a slice with a sari with a for loop.
There we go.
So let's start off with our list of names which we need.
So names equals square brackets Tony come up open causing single quotes.
Frank comma Mary and Carl.
There we go.
List of names.
OK.
So we want to print these out or we want to print out a slice of them.
So print open closing double quote.
Here are the names of the last tree registrations.
OK so let's imagine we have a web app and we have our own dashboard our own management system behind
us.
And we want to have a look at where we want to print to our screen every time we log in the last few
registrations to our up.
This is how that would work.
And we have our FOR loop for name in names.
OK.
Now we're using our slice tree.
The last tree registrations colon print open and closing brackets.
Name that title opening closing brackets.
Let's have a look.
Boom.
Very very nice.
Here are the names or last tree registrations Tony.
Frank Mary and all capsulizes as well.
So a nice little piece of code there that you can use in your programs to loop through names or the
last few items in a list or whatever it might be doesn't even matter how big the list is.
OK.
So I hope you found that enjoyable and I'll see you in the next lecture.
Thank you.